Pave the way for per-version transition guides (#2115)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/release_notes/v3.0/features/node_handles.rst

    >>> neurons.C_m
        (111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0, 111.0)

>     If your nodes are spatially distributed (see :doc:`../../../guides/spatial/index`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your nodes are spatially distributed (see :doc:`../../../guides/spatially_structured_networks`),
```
